Add codeql and checkstyle (#259)
agera-edc/MinimumViableDataspace: docs/developer/decision-records/2022-08-15-code-quality-tooling/README.md

# Code Quality

## Decision

Use [Checkstyle](https://checkstyle.sourceforge.io/) and [CodeQL](https://codeql.github.com/) static code analysis tools to guarantee adherence to coding standards and discover potential vulnerabilities.

## Rationale

> Both Checkstyle and CodeQL are already in use in the EDC framework, so these tools are the natural choice in related projects like the Identity Hub as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both Checkstyle and CodeQL are already in use in the EDC framework, so these tools are the natural choice in related projects like the MVD as well.
```

> Both Checkstyle and CodeQL are already in use in the EDC framework, so these tools are the natural choice in related projects like the Identity Hub as well.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Both Checkstyle and CodeQL are already in use in the EDC framework, so these tools are the natural choice in related projects like the MinimumViableDataspace as well.
```

Author: Applied similar feedback from Marc. Resolving this. Thanks
